Fix outdated information in node shutdown docs (#19562)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.2/node-shutdown.md

## Decommissioning and draining on CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }}

> Most of the guidance in this page is most relevant to manual deployments, although decommissioning and draining work the same way behind the scenes in a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} cluster. CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} clusters have a termination grace period that is slightly longer than 30 minutes, and this grace period is not configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the guidance in this page is most relevant to manual deployments, although decommissioning and draining work the same way behind the scenes in a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} cluster. CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} clusters are deployed with the [server.shutdown.connections.timeout](#server-shutdown-connections-timeout) setting at its default value of `0s`, and have a termination grace period that is slightly longer than 30 minutes. This grace period is not configurable.
```

Author: this change lgtm

> Client applications or application servers that connect to CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} clusters may adjust the the [`server.shutdown.connections.timeout`](#server-shutdown-connections-timeout) setting and should make sure the connection pool maximum lifetime is shorter than that value, as per the guidance in the rest of this page.

Reviewer: This guidance seems counterintuitive to me, because the previous bullet says that the grace period isn't configurable on Advanced. Isn't that what `server.shutdown.connections.timeout` sets?

Author: "grace period" in this sentence is referring to the termination grace period in k8s: https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/node-shutdown#termination-grace-period-on-kubernetes

> the previous bullet says that the grace period isn't configurable on Advanced. Isn't that what server.shutdown.connections.timeout sets?

Before my edit, the sentence said "CockroachDB Advanced clusters have a server.shutdown.connections.timeout of 1800 seconds (30 minutes) and a termination grace period that is slightly longer." Although the "30 minutes" was incorrect, that older sentence hopefully makes it clear that these are two separate things.

I'm open to feedback on how to make sure this is still clear after my edit.

Reviewer: I understand that the connection timeout and the grace period are separate things, but I just realized the source of my confusion: your new edit says `a termination grace period that is slightly longer than 30 minutes, and this grace period is not configurable.`. Should this actually be `30 seconds`?

Also, can we state that the `server.shutdown.connections.timeout` default is 0 seconds, just to clarify that it is separate from the grace period? I'm happy to suggest edits but wanted to make sure I understood first.

Author: > your new edit says "a termination grace period that is slightly longer than 30 minutes, and this grace period is not configurable." Should this actually be 30 seconds?

No, it is slightly longer than 30 minutes. Could you say more about where 30 seconds came from? (If it's from the previous section, then let's clarify things there.)

> Also, can we state that the server.shutdown.connections.timeout default is 0 seconds, just to clarify that it is separate from the grace period?

Sure, this makes sense.  How's this:

> Most of the guidance in this page is most relevant to manual deployments, although decommissioning and draining work the same way behind the scenes in a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} cluster. CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} clusters are deployed with the [`server.shutdown.connections.timeout`](#server-shutdown-connections-timeout) setting at its default value of 0, and have a termination grace period that is slightly longer than 30 minutes. This grace period is not configurable.
>
> Client applications or application servers that connect to CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} clusters may adjust the the [`server.shutdown.connections.timeout`](#server-shutdown-connections-timeout) setting. The connection pool maximum lifetime should be shorter than `server.shutdown.connections.timeout`, and the sum of all the shutdown-related timeouts should not exceed the termination grace period, as per the guidance in the rest of this page.

Reviewer: The K8s section you linked me to says `If undefined, Kubernetes sets terminationGracePeriodSeconds to 30 seconds.` so I assumed that was also the case on Advanced. But I guess we have that set to 30 minutes?

I made suggestions to both bullets; LMK how they look and I can incorporate into the PR.

> Client applications or application servers that connect to CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} clusters may adjust the the [`server.shutdown.connections.timeout`](#server-shutdown-connections-timeout) setting and should make sure the connection pool maximum lifetime is shorter than that value, as per the guidance in the rest of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust the [`server.shutdown.connections.timeout`](#server-shutdown-connections-timeout) setting for client applications or application servers that connect to CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} clusters. Ensure that the connection pool maximum lifetime is shorter than that value, as per the guidance in [Termination grace period on Kubernetes](#termination-grace-period-on-kubernetes).
```

Reviewer: Switched the link. I was actually looking past all that to the last line in the `#termination-grace-period-on-kubernetes` section, which says `A client application's connection pool should have a maximum lifetime that is shorter than the Kubernetes deployment's [server.shutdown.connections.timeout](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/node-shutdown#server-shutdown-connections-timeout) setting.`

But yeah, it's potentially confusing.

Author: lgtm!
